start the button page (#30)
did-app/www: docs/did-button-branding/index.md

---
layout: "doc"

> title: "Branding DID.app buttons."

Reviewer: Maybe try: 'Sign in with DID.app' buttons for your website

Author: not sure. this is a part of the docs page so can be a bit more formal, also I copied that title off the sign in with google docs

Reviewer: ok :-)  I think it's fine.  first time I read it was like what do you mean branding DID.app buttons.

is it Branding. DID.app buttons..

as in subjject: BRanding.

Content: DID.app buttons.

Just felt weird.  

Not overly worried.  Time is of the essence, choose one, implement it.

> abstract: "DID.app provides several styles of icon that you can use to let people sign in."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
abstract: "DID.app provides several button designs that you can use on your website to let users know they can sign in with DID.app"
```

---

<style>
  .markdown-body img {
    background: none;
  }
</style>

> You can use either our "D.I.D Logo" or "D Icon" to indicate to your users that they may sign in with DID.app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use either our "DID Logo" or "D Icon" in your button.
```

Author: I was wondering about giving the "DID" logo a name to separate it from the "D logo". They're all DID.app logos so I thought D.I.D made it specific I was talking about the three letter version

Reviewer: Makes sense, why not say 'You can use either our three letter 'DID' logo or single letter 'D' icon.

Author: better, thanks

Both come in four styles; **default**, **light**, **dark-mono** and **light-mono**.

> ### The D.I.D Logo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The DID.app Logo
```

Reviewer: Yea, I think the DID logo and the D icon can be distinct things.  The D icon isn't our logo but it does fit style wise with our logo if you see what I mean.

I just don't like the dots between the letters.

  <img src="/logo.svg#dark-mono" style="height:50px;background:#00dfc0;margin:0.5em;padding:0.5em;">
</div>

```html
<img src="/logo.svg" style="padding:0.5em;">
<img src="/logo.svg#light" style="padding:0.5em;background:#2a454e;">
<img src="/logo.svg#light-mono" style="padding:0.5em;background:#00dfc0;">
<img src="/logo.svg#dark-mono" style="padding:0.5em;background:#00dfc0;">
```

### The D Icon

<div style="display:flex;justify-content:center;">
  <img src="/icon.svg" style="height:50px;margin:0.5em;padding:0.5em;">
  <img src="/icon.svg#light" style="height:50px;background:#2a454e;margin:0.5em;padding:0.5em;">
  <img src="/icon.svg#light-mono" style="height:50px;background:#00dfc0;margin:0.5em;padding:0.5em;">
  <img src="/icon.svg#dark-mono" style="height:50px;background:#00dfc0;margin:0.5em;padding:0.5em;">
</div>

```html
<img src="/icon.svg" style="padding:0.5em;">
<img src="/icon.svg#light" style="padding:0.5em;background:#2a454e;">
<img src="/icon.svg#light-mono" style="padding:0.5em;background:#00dfc0;">
<img src="/icon.svg#dark-mono" style="padding:0.5em;background:#00dfc0;">
```

> ### Creating buttons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When to use DID.app buttons
```

Author: Going to make this "How to use DID.app buttons"

> ##### DID.app as a social login provider

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using DID.app buttons alongside other social sign in providers
```

> When offering DID.app as one option among several login providers you **should** follow the guidance on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When offering DID.app as one option among several sign in providers you **should** follow the guidance on this page.
```

If your authentication process is only handled by DID.app you may use the buttons show here, but are not required to.

### Examples

> A light button that can be used on most pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A light button that can be used on most pages:
```

<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;border:1px solid gray;margin:1em;border-radius:4px;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/icon.svg" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;">Sign in with DID.app</span>
  </span>
</div>

```html
<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;border:1px solid gray;margin:1em;border-radius:4px;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/icon.svg" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;">Sign in with DID.app</span>
  </span>
</div>
```

> A block style sign in button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A block style sign in button:
```

<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;margin:1em;background:#00dfc0;color:white;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/logo.svg#light-mono" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;font-weight:bold;white-space:nowrap;">Sign in</span>
  </span>
</div>

```html
<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;margin:1em;background:#00dfc0;color:white;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/logo.svg#light-mono" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;font-weight:bold;white-space:nowrap;">Sign in</span>
  </span>
</div>
```

> A dark sign in button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dark sign in button:
```

<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;margin:1em;background:#2a454e;color:white;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/logo.svg#light" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;font-weight:bold;white-space:nowrap;">Sign in</span>
  </span>
</div>

```html
<div style="display:inline-block;padding:0.3em;margin:1em;background:#2a454e;color:white;">
  <span style="display:flex;align-items:center;">
    <img src="/logo.svg#light" style="height:30px">
    <span style="padding:0 1rem;font-weight:bold;white-space:nowrap;">Sign in</span>
  </span>
</div>
```

> Icon only button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Icon only button:
```

<img src="/icon.svg#light-mono" style="height:40px;background:#00dfc0;padding:0.5em;border-radius:1em;">

```html
<img src="/icon.svg#light-mono" style="height:40px;background:#00dfc0;padding:0.5em;border-radius:1em;">
```

> Matching your own app's color pallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom button design
```

Author: https://developers.google.com/identity/branding-guidelines#matching

> When not using the DID.app green pallet, it is recommended to use the mono style icon/logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use the DID.app buttons within your own color scheme we recommend to use the mono style icon and logo:
```
